README.md, before:

# Autodesk Platform Services | Single-Page Applications | Authorization Client
A JS-SDK for gaining access to Autodesk Platform Services within Single-Page Applications (inspired by [Auth0](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-spa-js)). The client obtains access tokens by using the [PKCE (Proof Key for Code Exchange) authorization flow for public clients](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/oauth/v2/tutorials/get-3-legged-token-pkce/get-3-legged-token-pkce/).

## Getting Started

### Configure your application
Create a Single-Page Application in [Autodesk Platform Services - Applications](https://aps.autodesk.com/hubs/@personal/applications/) and store the Client ID within your application (in a `.env`-file). Specify an authorization callback url to be used in your application (e.g. http://localhost:8000/auth/autodesk/callback or https://example.com/auth/autodesk/callback)

### Installation
Using npm in your project directory run the following command:

```bash
npm install aps-spa-auth-js
```

### Integrate authentication into your application
Create the client and have it globally accessible in your application (verify authorization- and token endpoint urls with [Autodesks documentation](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/oauth/v2/reference)):
```ts
const client = createAPSAuthClient({
    client_id: PUBLIC_AEC_APP_ID,
    authorization_endpoint: `https://developer.api.autodesk.com/authentication/v2/authorize`,
    token_endpoint: `https://developer.api.autodesk.com/authentication/v2/token`,
    user_info_endpoint: "https://api.userprofile.autodesk.com/userinfo",
    scope: ["data:read"]
})
```

Redirect the user to Autodesks authorization page:
```ts
const redirect_uri = `${window.location.origin}/auth/autodesk/callback`
const state = window.location.href
await client.loginWithRedirect({ redirect_uri, state })
```

Create a callback directory which will handle the callback from the authorization page:
```ts
// https://example.com/auth/autodesk/callback
const { origin, pathname } = window.location
const redirect_uri = `${origin}${pathname}`

const searchParams = new URLSearchParams(window.location.search);
const state = searchParams.get("state")

try {
    await client.handleRedirectCallback({ redirect_uri })
} catch(e) {
    // Handle error
}

window.location.href = state ?? "/"
```

And get the access token from the client (the token is automatically refreshed by the method if expired):
```ts
try {
    const access_token = await client.getAccessToken()
} catch(e) {
    // Handle refresh access token error
}
```

Subscribe to the authorization state of the client:
```ts
client.subscribe(() => {
    is_authorized = client.isAuthorized()
    access_token = token
    user_info = await client.getUserInfo()
})
```

Check out the [aps-spa-auth-js](https://github.com/OTheNonE/aps-spa-auth-js) Github repository for a simple example developed in SvelteKit.

## References
- [aps-spa-auth-js Github Repository](https://github.com/OTheNonE/aps-spa-auth-js)
- [aps-spa-auth-js NPM Package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/aps-spa-auth-js)
- [Autodesk Platform Services - Authentication (OAuth2)](https://aps.autodesk.com/en/docs/oauth/v2/developers_guide/overview/)

Commit message:

Transformed library to OAuth from Autodesk

README.md, after:

# OAuth 2.0 | Single-Page Applications | Authorization Client
A JS-SDK for gaining access to applications and API's implementing OAuth 2.0 within Single-Page Applications (inspired by [Auth0](https://github.com/auth0/auth0-spa-js)). The client obtains access tokens by using the [PKCE (Proof Key for Code Exchange) authorization flow for public clients](https://oauth.net/2/pkce/).

## Getting Started

### Installation
Using npm in your project directory run the following command:

```bash
npm install oauth-spa-js
```

### Integrate authentication into your application
Create the client and have it globally accessible in your application (verify authorization- and token endpoint urls with your authentication provider):
```ts
const client = createOAuthClient({
    client_id: PUBLIC_APP_ID,
    authorization_endpoint: `${PUBLIC_SERVER_URL}/authorize`,
    token_endpoint: `${PUBLIC_SERVER_URL}/token`,
    user_info_endpoint: `${PUBLIC_SERVER_URL}/userinfo`,
    scope: ["data:read"]
})
```

Redirect the user to the authorization provider page:
```ts
const redirect_uri = `${window.location.origin}/oauth/callback`
const state = window.location.href
await client.loginWithRedirect({ redirect_uri, state })
```

Create a callback directory which will handle the callback from the authorization page:
```ts
// https://example.com/oauth/callback
const { origin, pathname } = window.location
const redirect_uri = `${origin}${pathname}`

const searchParams = new URLSearchParams(window.location.search);
const state = searchParams.get("state")

try {
    await client.handleRedirectCallback({ redirect_uri })
} catch(e) {
    // Handle error
}

window.location.href = state ?? "/"
```

And get the access token from the client (the token is automatically refreshed by the method if expired):
```ts
try {
    const access_token = await client.getAccessToken()
} catch(e) {
    // Handle refresh access token error
}
```

Subscribe to the authorization state of the client:
```ts
client.subscribe(() => {
    is_authorized = client.isAuthorized()
    access_token = token
    user_info = await client.getUserInfo()
})
```

Check out the [oauth-spa-js](https://github.com/OTheNonE/oauth-spa-js) Github repository for a simple example developed in SvelteKit.

## References
- [oauth-spa-js Github Repository](https://github.com/OTheNonE/oauth-spa-js)
- [oauth-spa-js NPM Package](https://www.npmjs.com/package/oauth-spa-js)
